# ATP-coders
Problem Statement 2 for IBM hack challenge
Identification of User Query on Stack Overflow Using Semantic Search Stack Overflow is a question and answer site for professional and enthusiast programmers. It's built and run by the community of developer, as part of the Stack Exchange network of Q&amp;A sites. A lot of content is present in form of stack overflow questions and answers, various studies point that developers face problems while development life cycles and they ask questions on stack overflow which gets answered by fellow developers across the globe. In order for a new developer to understand a concept or solve an issue, it is very difficult to identify the problems. It involves domain experts in form of experienced software developers. The information present is overwhelming and at times can be too much to handle for a budding developer. Problem Description 1. To identify most relevant questions to a query [text similarity] 2. Identify the matching tags and pick top relevant questions from stack overflow. 3. To identify top k solutions of the problem. (sentiment analysis of review content) Data can be obtained using Stack overflow API. Expectation The solution should have a mechanism to identify relevant questions on stack overflow with tags and top k relevant answers that should be provided to user. So that he can understand the concept clearly and try to get his queries resolved more effectively and efficiently. Listed below are the few challenges which can provide an insight about designing and
finding the solution:
▪ Stack overflow only gives exact match queries...
